---
layout: post
title: 个人笔记
category: 笔记
tags:
keywords:
description:
---

### 代办事项

  - [ ] okHttp
  - [ ] rxJava
  - [ ] zxing

### 1. connection timeout 和 read timeout for sockets
connection timeout 是链接初始化的超时时间。如：完成TCP握手的时间。  
read timeout 是等待读取数据的时间。  

> 1) What is the difference between connection and read timeout for sockets?

The connection timeout is the timeout in making the initial connection; i.e. completing the TCP connection handshake. The read timeout is the timeout on waiting to read data. Specifically, if the server fails to send a byte <timeout> seconds after the last byte, a read timeout error will be raised.

> 2) What does connection timeout set to "infinity" mean? In what situation can it remain in an infinitive loop? and what can trigger that the infinity-loop dies?

It means that the connection attempt can potentially block for ever. There is no infinite loop, but the attempt to connect can be unblocked by another thread closing the socket. (A Thread.interrupt() call may also do the trick ... not sure.)

> 3) What does read timeout set to "infinity" mean? In what situation can it remain in an infinitive loop? and what can trigger that the infinity-loop dies?

It means that a call to read on the socket stream may block for ever. Once again there is no infinite loop, but the read can be unblocked by a Thread.interrupt() call, closing the socket, and (of course) the other end sending data or closing the connection.

详情见：[http://stackoverflow.com/questions/3069382/what-is-the-difference-between-connection-and-read-timeout-for-sockets](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/3069382/what-is-the-difference-between-connection-and-read-timeout-for-sockets)


一直在谈人生的意义是什么？是什么呢？
在于你的理想，让越来越多的人认可你的理想，认可你的行为，并一起努力实现它。
在于让更多的人认可你的观念，并一起为之努力奋斗，并实现它。
